Right now we have two reducers,
our todos reducer as well as our goals reducer.
But the problem that we're running into is when we create
our store what we have to pass to it is a single reducer.
But how do we do that if we have
more than one reducer which is what we have here in our case?
Well, remember the whole goal of our reducer function is it's
going to get us to the next state of our application.
So, eventually, what happens is when we call creates or we pass it
the reducer and the reducer function is invoked,
updating the current state of our store.
So, what if instead of passing in
a todos reducer or instead of just passing in a goals reducer,
what if we came down here and created a brand new reducer that we will call, app?
So, just like goals and just like todos,
it's going to take in the state as well as an action,
and whatever app returns is going to be the new state of our application
just like whatever todos returned
earlier was the state of our entire application as well.
So what we'll do is now instead of just having our state
be an array specifically an array of todo items,
we now want to have our state be
an object and that object is going to have two properties on it,
todos as well as goals.
But now, instead of just setting these to an empty object,
how do we get the todos portion of our state?
Well, we already have a function that handles that,
this todos reducer function up here.
So, what we need to do is we need to invoke todos passing
it the todos portion of our state and the action which occurred,
and now todos instead of returning us the whole state of our application,
it will just return us the todos portion of our state.
So, what we can do is,
we can invoke todos passing it,
the todos portion of the state which is going to be an array,
and also passing it the action,
and then now, in order to get the goals portion of our state,
we call our goals reducer passing it the state.goals,
and also passing it an action.
So, now instead of passing todos as our reducer,
what we can do is we can pass createStore our main app
function here that we're going to refer to as a root reducer, and so now,
whenever dispatch is called,
we invoke our app function,
and our app function is then going to
invoke our todos reducer as well as our goals reducer,
those are going to return their specific portions of the states and then we return
an object that has a todos property as well as a goals property.
Now, the only other change we want to make to our app reducer here,
is we want to make it so when app is invoked the very first time if state is undefined,
it just sets it equal to an empty object,
just like we are doing up here inside of our goals reducer inside of our todos reducer.
Because again, when app is invoked the very first time right here,
state is going to be undefined because it's undefined up here.
So, then what we will do is the state of our application will be set to an empty object,
and then went todos and when goals is invoked,
state.todos as well as state.goals are both going to be undefined,
which will then set both of those properties to these empty arrays.
So, now whenever we want to add new state to our store,
all we have to do is come in here and add a new property to
this object and the value of that property is going to be a reducer function,
which is going to be responsible for managing that slice of our state.
So, just to make sure that this is working,
what I'm going to do is I'm going to come in here and
paste a bunch of different dispatch invocations.
So, we're going to add a todo, add a todo,
add a todo and then we will remove a todo,
toggle a todo, add a goal,
add a goal, and then we will remove a goal.
So, this is really going to stress test our current code.
So, now inside of my console here what we've done
is we've created a new store and called store.subscribe,
and then now when I dispatch all of these actions,
what we should see is a bunch of console.logs because dot subscribe run over and over,
and if we just look at the last portion of our state here,
you'll notice that we have one goal,
"Lose 20 pounds," and we have two todo items,
"Walk the dog," "Go to the gym," and both are set to complete,
and if you follow the logic for all of these different dispatches,
what you'll find is those align nicely with what our new state is.
So, to summarize, the app started out with one piece of state,
todos, when we added in the goal state,
we now had two separate pieces of state.
Each piece of state needed its own reducer.
Since the create store function can only take in one reducer,
we had to create a reducer that acts as the main reducer,
commonly called the root reducer,
that in turn calls both of the other reducers to
get each piece of state to build the final state of the app.